Welcome back everyone in this lecture.
We're going to do a quick overview of the natural language processing basics assessment test.
Let's open up the notebook and go for it.
OK.
Inside you're an old Python basics folder.
Once you open up that folder you should see an LP basics assessment notebook as well as an LP basic
assessment solution book.
Right now we're going to do an overview of the assessment and then the next lecture will code through
the solutions.
Let's quickly go over what you need to do for the assessment.
So for this assessment we're going to be using a short story called an occurrence Owl Creek Bridge by
Ambrose Pierce from 1890.
The stories in the public domain and we already have a text object ready for you.
So you're first going to run the cell to perform the standard imports and then you're going to create
a document object from this text file and it's located here.
Textfiles Owl Creek TXI.
It's underneath that text files folder.
Then you should be able to run the cell to confirm that you get out the same output here that we're
going to ask you to answer a couple of questions like how many tokens are contained in the file and
how many sentences are contained in the file.
Keep in mind you'll probably want to build out a list first and then check the length of that list.
Next we want you to print the second sentence in the document and as a hint indexing starts at zero
and we'll say the title counts as the first sentence.
So keep in mind we're going to say that this title counts as a sentence.
After that we also have a couple of more solutions or questions for you.
The first question is for each token in the sentence above.
Print it's text.
It's a speech tag.
It's syntactic dependency Ted and it's limitation.
And as a challenge how the values line up in columns and then print the output.
So for a normal solution you'll get a result that looks something like this.
But if you actually format it correctly you should get something that looks nicer or something like
that.
Next task is to write a matcher called Swimming that finds both occurrences of the phrase swimming vigorously
in the text.
And you should include in is space true pattern between those words.
So recall that we talked about pattern matching.
You're going to have swimming as one pattern component than is space is true and then vigorously as
an expanding component secret you're matching objects and then search for a should find these two matches
here.
Then we want you to print the text surrounding each found the match.
So we want you to print the tokens surrounding that match.
And then for extra credit print the sentence that contains each found a match.
So see if you can actually instead of just printing out the tokens around it.
Print out the entire sentence.
So here are the two sentences.
OK.
Best of luck on that.
And in the next lecture we'll go over the solutions.
We'll see you there.